A vast number of black’s in this nation have continued the trend of adopting a victim and oppressed mentality. Their claim is that they are unable to rise in the financial spectrum because the whites are oppressing them from every angle. They have the audacity to generalize almost an entire race as being biased which in itself proves to the other races, black negative stereotypes. Seldom do they look back into true history and realize that it was WHITE PEOPLE who freed the slaves. WHITE PEOPLE gave blacks the rights that they deserved! Whites are not superior by definition, as that would be prejudiced, but they are superior by the choices they make contrasted by the choices the majority of my negro brothers and sisters fail to make.  The caucasian race has risen above a life of mediocrity and violence and have chosen to become more, to become better! They choose to not squalor in the conditions birthed to them but instead endeavor to achieve more. Every Caucasian civilization across the globe is developed and comfortable. They have world class universities and admirable legal systems that actually function. The definition of racism is believing that a particular race is higher quality, or higher in position to another race. White majority civilizations are in fact higher quality and whites do hold higher positions than their black counterparts. To dispute the validity of racism is to dispute the truth. The fact that white civilization and whites themselves are higher quality than other races. In this modern day it is not the whites oppressing the blacks but rather the blacks suppressing themselves. They rely on government handouts, welfare, food stamps. They leech off of the amenities given to them by a mainly white nation ran by a mainly white government, but yet they have contempt towards their own providers. Many notable blacks have risen themselves from the squalor of their past and bettered themselves only to be belittled and insulted by their own people, they are called “uncle tom”, “white sympathizer”, and even “traitors”, as if we aren’t all Americans.